Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
We're on another road trip.
We have some things we have to go do, but I thought, well, I'll do another prayer video with you as I drive.
I was already praying before and I just thought, well, why don't I record this because I was already interceding for South Korea, for a revival in Asia, for a revival in America, for a revival in Africa all around the world, and just interceding for the harvest.
I thought, well, you know, I'll just go ahead and make the video and we'll upload it.
So I'm just going to get right back into my prayer time, what I was already doing.
So I thank you for joining me.
If this is your first time being here with us today, we pray and that's what we do here.
We teach the word of faith, we teach you how to live by faith, we teach you how to stand when all else there is to do is stand still, and how to live a victorious life in these last days.
We don't have to live a busted and disgusted life; we have the authority of the believer, and we are able to take that authority and tread on serpents and scorpions, and nothing shall by any means hurt us.
I believe we are seated with him in the heavenlies, just like it says in the word in Ephesians, that we are joint heirs with Jesus Christ.
And I want to encourage you today to think big in 2025.
Believe God for big, believe God for what you call the impossible in your life.
God is going to show up and show off and do great and mighty things in your life in 2025.
So we're just going to get right to it and start believing right now.
We're going to pray over 2024 and 2025.
I'm praying for direction for our ministry, for us, and what the Lord has told us to do.
The Lord has told us and commissioned us to start Asian channels to preach the gospel all throughout the world, and then the end will come.
And I believe there's great and mighty things that we're going to start to do in these last days, ladies and gentlemen.
And the Lord told me, he said, 'People don't talk about raising the dead enough.
People are not believing to raise the dead enough.
' It shouldn't be that it's an abnormal thing; it should be the normal because it's part of the Great Commission.
So I believe we're missing it somewhere, that it's time that we start to use our authority and raise the dead.
And I believe with all my heart creative miracles are going to start to take place in your life.
Creative miracles—I'm talking about eyes that weren't there are going to come, ears that weren't there are going to show up.
I'm talking about arms and legs that weren't there are going to grow out.
It doesn't matter.
I heard Brother Billy, Pastor Billy Burke, say that there was a woman that had her breast removed because of cancer, and she was in the service and she grew back new breasts.
So I just want to tell you that nothing is impossible to him who believes.
So it's not about just arms, legs, fingers, or toes; it could be something very personal to you that you need.
God knows the desires of your heart and he's going to bring it to pass in these last days.
Believe him for exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
So we're just going to get right to it.
I pray the way I pray—I don't pray a lot in English, I pray in tongues, and that's how you get in the spirit.
So I'm going to just start praying right now and I'm going not to try to get distracted with all the talking to a camera and looking at the road.
Father, I just thank you for your holy written word, for all that you've got in that book for us, Father, that beautiful Bible.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the word.
I thank you, Lord, that you said you sent your word and you healed them, and I believe that we're healed by the stripes of Jesus.
I thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against us will prosper.
I thank you, Father, that a thousand shall fall at our side and ten thousand at our right hand, but it will not come nigh us.
So Father, right now we plead the blood of Jesus Christ over every single person that's traveling for this holiday season.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against them is going to prosper.
I plead the blood of Jesus over their car, over their house, over any kind of demonic assignment that the enemy is trying to do to kill, steal, and destroy.
We take authority over those demonic assignments right now in the name of Jesus and we say, 'Thus far and no further!
' Satan, you will not touch our families, you will not touch our businesses, and you will not touch our finances.
You will get under our feet where you belong, and you are not able to hinder or harm or cause any havoc in anybody's life on this channel.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that there's a bloodline.
We plead the blood, we apply the blood of Jesus, for we make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
I thank you, Father, we apply the blood of Jesus over us from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
Father, I thank you for your angels.
We thank you for the manifestation of the angels for protection, for there's a hedge around and about us with angelic beings.
Father, I thank you that the angels of the Lord are making war against the demonic spirits that are trying to come against us.
We thank you, Lord, that greater is he that is in us than he that is in the world.
We thank you, Lord, that a thousand shall fall at our side and ten thousand at our right hand and nothing shall come nigh us.
Lord, we believe that we have a covenant with the God of protection.
He will protect us, he will provide for us, he will watch over us.
And we thank you, Lord, for your supernatural hand on this house and on our finances.
We thank you, Lord, that you will provide all our needs according to your riches and glory by Christ Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we are the head and not the tail, above and not beneath; we'll go through and not go under.
Now, Lord, I go back into what you said earlier when we were praying for the harvest of souls in South Korea.
God, we thank you for the harvest.
We call forth the harvest right now in the name of Jesus all throughout Asia.
We speak a great, supernatural harvest like we've never seen before.
We call forth the blinders to be removed off of their eyes of false religion.
All throughout America, the lukewarm—all these babies that are eating just the milk of the word—we call them to grow up and eat the meat of the word.
And I thank you, Lord, the only way that they'll do that is by the preachers preaching the meat.
So Father, I thank you that you're raising up men and women of God to speak and decree and declare a great, mighty harvest of the meat of the word, that they would hear and know your voice, and that these babies will grow up and get a backbone to be able to walk out and tread on these serpents and scorpions.
Father, your word says that we have authority as a believer.
I thank you for this believer's authority in these last days, that the body of Christ will rise up and do what they're called to do.
Father, we thank you for the stirring in the body of Christ in America.
We plead the blood over this nation, over President Trump, and over his family.
We intercede for his family.
We thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against them is going to prosper.
We thank you that the angels are protecting them.
We call forth your secret service angels, Father, to watch over President Trump and the decisions that he's making already, before he is even in power in the next 30 days.
It's about a month away, and he'll be in the office.
There's a lot that can happen in 30 days, so we hold the blood of Jesus up against the devil.
You will not be able to hinder or harm his inauguration.
In the name of Jesus, you are under our feet concerning this.
We will have the victory over President Trump's inauguration.
We cover this in the blood.
We thank you, Lord, that we're on the victory side.
We're praying into the midterms already, God, that we'll have another Red Wave in the Senate, in the House, and governors—an overwhelming majority that will sustain for a long time.
Father, I thank you for godly laws.
If you notice when Jerome Powell came out, he kind of spilled the beans a little bit about how bad the economy really was.
They're hiding what they're trying to do, and so we have to take our place and pray.
The economy is poised to crash, but I believe with what the Lord has shown me about crypto and the things that Donald Trump has a plan for, he will turn things around and bring us out of this pit.
Remember, I saw the economy crash, the interest rates, the loaning freezes—the Lord warned me about all this.
But we have authority.
We're not going to allow the enemy to raise his ugly head out of that whack-a-mole hole and allow him to come kill, steal, and destroy.
We're going to walk in abundance and victory in finances.
This is a time for the body of Christ to rise up and have more than enough to pay for the churches and send money to the missionaries.
We are going to be the breadbasket of the world.
Just as the blessing is on Israel, there's going to be a blessing on America.
Father, as we bless Israel, you said those that bless Israel you will bless.
We pray for Israel, we call Israel blessed.
We pray for the peace of Jerusalem, that peace that passes all understanding.
We pray that innocent lives and life's blood will be protected, that children and women will be protected.
Father, there's an angelic host watching over this.
I thank you that the soldiers warring against the terrorists will discover all hidden plots and hidden things.
This would be a time like never before where you'll see the righteous accelerate and the demonic crumble.
We're believing, Father, that you're exposing darkness in the churches, in pulpits, and behind closed doors.
You're turning the light on because judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
We believe for supernatural visitations and demonstrations of the glory.
We want to go from glory to glory and deeper rivers of water.
We thank you for government and for our president.
Father, there is a mighty move on his household concerning his marriage.
I call forth a renewing and a refreshing over his marriage in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you that you're a God that mends.
We thank you that his children and grandchildren are protected.
We pray a hedge of protection around them and thank you that the deep state will not touch them.
Father, you have a greater assignment to protect his children and him.
I thank you, Lord, for Elon Musk.
I saw them coming against Elon Musk, and I thank you, Lord, that he is radically born again.
I thank you for a supernatural protection over Elon Musk, Father, and that they would use Starlink for the glory.
I thank you, Lord, that you're exposing all hidden moles in the cabinet, all hidden deep state people around him influencing him.
We say in the name of Jesus that this is exposed—the hidden things to derail the plan and undermining what President Trump is saying.
It won't happen.
He's bold as a lion, but it's a spirit of intimidation, a Jezebel spirit assigned to the White House.
That is what is affecting Biden right now; it is taking over his mind.
Father, we pray over Biden as he ends in the next 30 days and starts to transition into retirement.
I thank you, Father, that he doesn't make any stupid decisions to cause any greater war.
I saw them burning files and private documents in Ukraine, destroying computers so there was no evidence of corruption.
And I thank you, Lord, that there was somebody who had a file saved to expose the darkness, and they'll come forth at the right time.
For 2025, Lord, speak to each individual person.
Show them the way for what you've called them to do.
We thank you, Lord, for the assignments going into January.
We pray over January—there's such an anticipation.
Going into the first quarter of 2025, things are changing.
I see green pastures, green valleys, and still waters.
A grace, a window, an opportunity for change.
A great acceleration of things.
Some will grab onto it and some will stay asleep.
There is a majority of the remnant that will latch onto this time, for they have an urgency in their spirit.
They know the signs of the times.
They're watching the fig tree.
I told you, a great acceleration, a seed time and harvest.
The harvesters are going to go hand in hand, and stepping into the supernatural will be as easy as taking a breath.
We'll see the first blade, then the ear, then the full manifestation of what I have for you in these days ahead.
First the blade, first the blade.
You are in that stage right now as you see this new government coming in in America.
You'll see a turn for my remnant.
The remnant is getting itself ready.
Are the harvesters getting ready to bring forth the lost sheep out of the darkness?
For he is about the harvest.
We call the wall to be broken down.
When he said, 'Gorbachev, take down that wall,' Ronald Reagan—Father, I thank you.
It's extending the time.
People see it's about the harvest, and some are talking about the Rapture happening now, but we're not leaving defeated.
I see a work to be done.
It's not time yet for the Rapture.
I see a window of work and a harvest, and a harvest takes work.
It's a lot of work to bring in the harvest.
If you've been raised on a farm, you know the harvest comes every year.
It's the hardest time of the year to work, when all hands are on deck because you don't want the crops to spoil in the fields.
My uncles would have those lights on those tractors until 3:00 in the morning because there's a rain coming, a storm coming.
They work even harder because they don't want to lose that crop.
So the harvest is going to come in a window, but there is much work to be done.
The Lord told my wife, 'You're tired.
' The older generation says they're tired, but he has work to do.
That's why he's raising up a new generation of Davids and Joshuas to take the baton from the elders to bring forth the harvest.
There will be a mighty harvest of souls in these last days.
It would behoove you as an elder to not just sit on the sidelines, for a great harvest of souls is coming—a window of time starting from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah.
A great harvest, an intensity of prayer, separating yourself unto him.
More separation, more dedication, hearing him and spending more time with him, for he's bringing forth marching orders.
Arise and shine, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen on you.
It's a victim mentality that's holding us back, but the Lord is bringing you out of that.
For you are not a victim, you're a victor.
We're more than conquerors through him that loved us.
It's what he did by his precious blood on Calvary.
I keep seeing a diffusing of things.
We must pray for Donald Trump each day.
Praying for wisdom.
That Solomon anointing is coming on him to lead this nation.
It will take a God anointing, a supernatural wisdom to turn this around.
You do not realize how bad it really is; they have held it so that things will not completely crash.
There are some dark things behind closed doors, but the Lord has his hand on us because of the intercessors.
We have the ability to change things by the intercessory prayers of the righteous.
In October, when the people were praying, things shifted in the courtrooms of heaven.
God's going to have this harvest—a major harvest of souls and healings.
And it's going to start in Asia, too.
There are billions of people who live in Asia, and it's stirring inside of me to intercede for South Korea, China, Japan, and the Philippines.
That's why I'm starting these channels, because the Lord said, 'Teach my people how to pray, teach my people how to live by faith.
' I believe God's called us for such a time as this.
We can walk on water, raise the dead, and cast out devils.
We have that same anointing inside of us.
We're going to start laying hands on people, and the fire of God's going to drive out that sickness.
If you see miracles, let us know in the comment section.
I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
Things are going to change.
The camels are coming for your finances.
It's time for you to believe for what seems to be impossible—to pull it into the natural.
It's time to believe El Shaddai, our Most High.
He will provide for you.
There's a great shifting about to take place.
We're about to see liftoff, and we'll say, 'Oh, what a plan!
Oh, what a planner!
' Glory to God!
We thank you, Father, for the breakthrough.
2025 is going to be a good year.
A great turnaround is coming, but we cannot take our foot off the gas.
We've got to press even harder.
Yes, darkness—earthquakes in diverse places—but it's not going to scare us because we walk in abundance and victory.
I hope this video blessed you.
I'm interceding for Europe, Africa, Asia, South America, and all throughout the Middle East.
We are a prayer army, and I'm believing for a million-soul army—a million prayer warriors every day to come on here and pray.
We will take the land for Jesus Christ.
We're not going to fall back into our comfort zones; we're going to be bold because we're running out of time.
This is our last call.
One last call.
He's coming, but he wants to give you that one last time to come to him today.
Run to the ark before the flood comes.
As the days of Noah, so will it be when the Son of Man returns.
It's time to get on the ark.
Rise and shine, for the light has come.
Thank you for joining me.
Please like, subscribe, and click the notification bell.
God bless you all.
Have a wonderful day.
Bye-bye.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you and we love you.
We'll see you later.
Bye-bye.